# ðŸ›Ÿ Help

## About {{.Domain}}

This server runs tootik, a text-based social network.
=> https://github.com/dimkr/tootik The tootik project

## Menu

> ðŸ“¡ Local feed

This page shows public posts published on this server.

> ðŸ•ï¸ Communities

This page shows communities on this server.

> ðŸ”¥ Hashtags

This page shows popular hashtags, allowing you to discover trends and shared interests.

> ðŸ”Ž Search posts

This is a full-text search tool that lists posts containing keyword(s), ordered by relevance.

> ðŸŽ² Games

This page lists games available on this server.

Currently, there is only one game: checkers on an 8x8 board.

Games are divided into 3 categories:
* Pending games: games waiting for a player to join
* Active games: games with two players but no verdict yet
* Ended games

> ðŸ“Š Status

This page shows various statistics about this server and the parts of the fediverse it's connected to.

> ðŸ”‘ Sign in

Follow this link to sign in or create an account on this server.

Registered users can:
* Publish posts
* Reply to posts
* Vote on polls
* Follow users
* View private posts
* View a feed of posts by followed users
* Bookmark posts
* Play games

The Common Name property of the client certificate ("identity") you use will determine your username.

You can add additional client certificates later, or revoke access for an old certificate.

There are two kinds of accounts:
* Traditional
* Portable

Traditional accounts are tied to this particular server, but provide good interoperability.

Portable accounts may suffer from interoperability issues but have several advantages:
* They're identified by an Ed25519 key pair and not tied to a particular server
* They allow replication of your data across multiple servers ("gateways"); this replication is not 100% reliable, though
* They allow migration away from this server even if it's offline

Settings â†’ Data portability allows one to view the private key used to prove the ownership over a portable account and configure the list of gateways.

Only one portable account on this server can use a particular private key: if all client certificates associated with your account are lost or expired, you won't be able to register again with same key to restore access to your account.
