# ðŸ›Ÿ Help

## About {{.Domain}}

This server runs tootik, a text-based social network.
=> https://github.com/dimkr/tootik The tootik project

## Menu

> ðŸ“» My feed

This page shows posts by followed users.

> ðŸ“ž Mentions

This page shows posts by followed users that mention you.

> âš¡ï¸ Follows

This page shows a list of users you follow, sorted by last activity.

> ðŸ• Followers

This page shows a list of users that follow you.

By default, incoming follow requests are approved automatically on your behalf. This page allows you to enable manual approval of follow requests and reject previously approved requests.

> ðŸ˜ˆ My profile

This page shows your profile.

> ðŸ“¡ Local feed

This page shows public posts published on this server.

> ðŸ•ï¸ Communities

This page shows communities on this server.

> ðŸ”¥ Hashtags

This page shows popular hashtags, allowing you to discover trends and shared interests.

> ðŸ”­ View profile

Use this tool to locate a user in the fediverse and see the posts published by this user that were received by this server. The list of posts can be incomplete or even empty if nobody on this server follows this user. You can follow, unfollow or message a following user through the user's page.

> ðŸ”– Bookmarks

This page shows bookmarked posts.

> ðŸ”Ž Search posts

This is a full-text search tool that lists posts containing keyword(s), ordered by relevance.

> ðŸ“£ New post

Follow this link to publish a post visible to:
* Mentioned users only, or
* Your followers and mentioned users, or
* Anyone (public)

You can upload a plain text file over Titan, instead of typing your post in the input prompt (use your client certificate for authentication).

Only public posts can be quoted.

> âš™ï¸ Settings

This page allows you to:
* Set your display name (up to {{.Config.MaxDisplayNameLength}} characters long)
* Set the short (up to {{.Config.MaxBioLength}} characters long) description that appears at the top of your profile
* Define up to {{.Config.MaxMetadataFields}} profile metadata fields
* Enable manual approval of follow requests and manage pending ones
* Set an account alias, to allow account migration to this instance
* Notify followers about account migration from this instance
* Upload a .png, .jpg or .gif image to serve as your avatar (use your client certificate for authentication): up to {{.Config.MaxAvatarWidth}}x{{.Config.MaxAvatarHeight}} and {{.Config.MaxAvatarSize}} bytes, downscaled to {{.Config.AvatarWidth}}x{{.Config.AvatarHeight}}
* Manage client certificates associated with your account
* Enable automatic deletion of old posts; bookmarked posts are not deleted
* Export your 200 most recent activities to a CSV file containing raw ActivityPub data

> ðŸ“Š Status

This page shows various statistics about this server and the parts of the fediverse it's connected to.

## Posts

Posts should be up to {{.Config.MaxPostsLength}} characters long.

### Links, Mentions and Hashtags

Links are detected automatically and don't need to be wrapped with HTML <a> tags or preceded by a => marker.

Mentioned users should be preceded by @, i.e. @user or @user@host. If the host part is unspecified, tootik tries to guess it using:
* The parent post author (if this is a reply)
* Followed users

To start a new thread in a community, follow the community and mention the community in a public post. The community will send the post and its replies to all followers of the community.

Tags should be preceded by #, i.e. #topic.

### Polls

Polls are posts that follow the form:

```
	[POLL Poll question] option A | option B | option C
```

For example:

```
	[POLL Does #tootik support polls now?] Yes | No | I don't know
```

Polls must have between 2 and {{.Config.PollMaxOptions}} multi-choice options, and end after {{printf "%s" .Config.PollDuration}}.

## Client Certificates ("Identities")

The username of a newly created account is the Common Name property of the client certificate used during registration.

To associate an additional client certificate with your account:
* Create a new client certificate with the same Common Name as your current certificate
* Register using the new certificate: this will add the certificate to the list of certificates waiting for your approval
* While authenticated using the old certificate, use Settings â†’ Certificates to approve the new one
* To secure your account, use Settings â†’ Certificates to revoke access for certificates you don't use anymore

Client certificates get rejected automatically after {{.Config.CertificateApprovalTimeout}} without approval.

## Account Migration

Successful migration should preserve followers by moving them from the old account to the new account. Posts and other user actions are not migrated.

To migrate an account to this instance:
* Register on this instance (if you haven't already)
* Set the old account as an alias of the new account
* Use Settings â†’ Set account alias to set the new account as an alias of the old account
* Follow the account migration procedure of your existing instance

To migrate an account from this instance:
* Register an account on another instance (if you don't have one)
* Use Settings â†’ Set account alias to set the new account as an alias of the old account
* Set the old account as an alias of the new account
* Use Settings â†’ Move account

Migration can take time due to caching: it can take time for tootik to notice a newly added alias.

tootik does not disable the moved account, but the account cannot be moved again.